# 🌊 Godnawa

### **The Wicked Serpent of Tarawi**

An Aquatic Serpent that dwells under the Ocean near in the Lake of Tarawi. Also, she is the reason why fishermen disappear because she destroys their boats when they pass through her territory. She is also the reason of heavy rains, strong waves in the Ocean and why there are no fishes in the Lake and nearby bodies of water around the Firipins and sometimes she floods the villages surrounding the Lake to force the people living here to move or leave but everything has changed since a child was born in this village who is only capable of calming Godnawa through its voice. while as the child grows older Godnawa remained calm and the place became peaceful and quiet and the fishermen were able to catch fish and they were not harmed while sailing the Lake. in an unexpected event the child became seriously ill and soon the child could no longer bear the severe pain and passed away. Again, Godnawa began to sow terror and she made the fishes disappear again in the Lake and other nearby bodies water and he often gave heavy rains and flooding the village near the Lake. and in an unexpected event a light appeared in the sky and it cast a beam through Godnawa sending her to the bottom of the Ocean. After that they never saw Godnawa again and the fish were gradually returning to the Lake and its nearby bodies of water. they only feel Godnawa's presence through the heavy rains and the strong waves of the sea and the people who live there always pray that Godnawa will never disturb them again.

